Add documentation about how to transform factory request to DRF request (#9380)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/testing.md

    request.user = user
    response = view(request)

> In case you want to test the request having a REST famework's `Request` you have to transform it by-hand before:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test a request involving the REST framework’s 'Request' object, you’ll need to manually transform it first:
```

>     class DummyView(APIView):
>         ...
> 
>     factory = APIRequestFactory()
>     request = factory.get('/', {'demo': 'test'})
>     DRF_request = DummyView().initialize_request(request)
>     assert DRF_request.query_params == {'demo': ['test']}
> 
>     request = factory.post('/', {'example': 'test'})
>     DRF_request = DummyView().initialize_request(request)
>     assert DRF_request.data.get('example') == 'test'

Reviewer 2: It seems to work by using the `APIView` directly, let's not get distracted with a subclass, shall we? Also, let's try to follow pep8 (lowercase snake case for variables):

```suggestion
    factory = APIRequestFactory()
    django_request = factory.get('/', {'demo': 'test'})
    request = APIView().initialize_request(django_request)
    assert request.query_params == {'demo': ['test']}

    django_request = factory.post('/', {'example': 'test'})
    request = APIView().initialize_request(django_request)
    assert request.data.get('example') == 'test'
```

Same simplification for the test
